[Music]
what about
thinking about looking out here and
seeing a whole pride of lions come to
within
just a few meters we'll be able to hear
that
as they lap up the water that would be
pretty special i've got to say
in fact i've got to tell you this
project of all of those that i've worked
on in recent times is probably one of
the most exciting the idea of being able
to custom
build a hide like this to perfectly suit
the needs
of the animals and our filming
requirements and photographic
requirements
is tantalising absolutely tantalizing
i can't wait to see it completed
and filled with water
[Applause]
these are the final plans for the hide
very impressive they are too
the guys are busy in there but this is a
big moment because we're about to
break ground on the actual waterhole
look at that
the first scoop but look at this this
only literally took about
10 minutes it's not going to take too
long to excavate this water
[Music]
you